
+Rik van Doorn Found the exact error, at least what's causing that issue. For WHATEVER REASON savestate.load is erroring out the lua script, and not letting it generate it's first network, which is why it errors every other time. Commenting out line 829 by putting -- infront of the savestate.load will allow the program to run. Not well mind you, but enough. That's where the issue of it swapping species fast crops up. Oh, and make sure you delete your SNES ram file for SMW so that you basically restart it

Flamanis 1 day ago (edited)
HOW TO GET IT TO WORK! THIS ALL TAKES PLACE INSIDE THE FOLDER YOUR BIZHAWK EMULATOR IS IN.  Execpt this part: Before EVER opening the lua console on BizHawk, (If you have, instructions on how to reset your stuff will be at the bottom) go onto the level you want to have it learn, and when the level starts up, click on file. Go down and open the menu of save state, at the bottom click the create named state, and then finally name it DP1, however put it after all the slashes and whatever so just delete the gamestate.whatever jargon that it auto names it. After doing that, either move that file from the SNES/State folder to where you have your lua file, or the other way around. and then load up the lua file into the console, and boom you're good. IF YOU ALREADY TRIED TO RUN THE LUA FILE AND IT ERRORS: You either need to delete your save, or edit the lua file slightly. If you want to do the delete save approach, then go into the SNES folder and then into the SaveRAM folder and delete your file for the game. THIS DOES NOT DELETE THE EMULATION, just the save.  If you want to edit the lua file, then at the top, the very top line, (create a new one if you want to, just make sure it's before any other text)  add this: pool = nil that's it. It will reset the data so that it can run again. You still need that save state though. You will probably want to edit the file again after you've started running it and remove that line or it will restart every time you turn it on. Edit: If you took my earlier advice and commented out line 829, you need to remove those --'s.
Show less
· 8
	
Matthew Walmsley Kirk 1 day ago
+SethBling Could we plz have installation guide?
· 1
	
QuantumKraken 1 day ago
+SethBling Are you going to improve it and make time and distance part of its fitness, then run it again on all levels? Make the ultimate speed bot!
·
	
Flamanis 1 day ago
+Matthew Walmsley Kirk Guide: Step 1: Grab and install bizhawk. Step 2: Grab emulation of SMW. Step 3: Read the comment right above yours Step 4: Profit

 Flamanis 1 day ago (edited)
+matt kral Answer: When running the game. Go into the level you want it to run. When the level starts, click file, then mouse over Save State, then click create named state. You should get something that looks like blah/blah/blah/whateverfiletheemulatorisin/SNES/State/stuff replace that stuff part with DP1 After doing that, move your lua file into that same folder that the DP1 file is in. OR move the DP1 file to the folder that your lua file is in. When they are in the same folder go into the emulator and click tools, then lua console. A new window will open, so press file and then open which will open the file browser. Go to the folder that your lua file is in, then select it, and open it. Boom enjoy. I'm gonna actually just make a big comment so that I don't have to keep repeating :P